feat: Update image name documentation (#45788)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/images.md

Images can also include a registry hostname; for example: `fictional.registry.example/imagename`,
and possibly a port number as well; for example: `fictional.registry.example:10443/imagename`.

> If you don't specify a registry hostname, Kubernetes assumes that you mean the [Docker public registry](https://hub.docker.com/).

Author: I'm not sure if we need to specify a link to Dockerhub here but I guess it improves usability of this page. Reader can go straight to dockerhub to find something from default registry

Reviewer: It is mentioned [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/), so It is good to have that.

> You can change this behaviour by setting default image registry in [container runtime](/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/) configuration.

Author: Do we need also to mention possible usage of MutationWebhook for images here? Looks like it is also a common solution to change the default registry

 (I use it in combination with ECR and self-written webhook. Also, I've seen an implementation for kyverno/OPA gatekeeper)

Reviewer: It's good to mention, if one to use different image registry than default one.

> You can change this behaviour by setting default image registry in [container runtime](/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes/) configuration.

Reviewer: Can you wrap the long line.

After the image name part you can add a _tag_ or _digest_ (in the same way you would when using with commands
like `docker` or `podman`). Tags let you identify different versions of the same series of images.
Digests are a unique identifier for a specific version of an image. Digests are hashes of the image's content,
and are immutable. Tags can be moved to point to different images, but digests are fixed.

Image tags consist of lowercase and uppercase letters, digits, underscores (`_`),
periods (`.`), and dashes (`-`). It can be up to 128 characters long. And must follow the
next regex pattern: `[a-zA-Z0-9_][a-zA-Z0-9._-]{0,127}`
You can read more about and find validation regex in the

> [OCI Distribution Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/v1.1.0/spec.md#workflow-categories).

Author: What version of OCI standard is better to reference? For now I selected the latest one

Reviewer: Same version is mentioned under [What's next](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#what-s-next) section.

If you don't specify a tag, Kubernetes assumes you mean the tag `latest`.

Image digests consists of a hash algorithm (such as `sha256`) and a hash value. For example:
`sha256:1ff6c18fbef2045af6b9c16bf034cc421a29027b800e4f9b68ae9b1cb3e9ae07`
You can find more information about digests format in the 
[OCI Image Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/v1.1.0/descriptor.md#digests).

> Some image name examples that Kubernetes can use are:

Author: I guess it's great for understanding to have list of some examples with explanations

Reviewer: I think busybox and busybox:1.32.0 share pattern of defining image names, so It's good to only mention one with ⇾ `Kubernetes will use Docker public registry and latest tag.` otherwise it also doesn't seem to have any issues.

Author: I guess that more examples are always better than less. So looks like it's a good place to mention about latest tag

and are immutable. Tags can be moved to point to different images, but digests are fixed.

Image tags consist of lowercase and uppercase letters, digits, underscores (`_`),
periods (`.`), and dashes (`-`). It can be up to 128 characters long. And must follow the
next regex pattern: `[a-zA-Z0-9_][a-zA-Z0-9._-]{0,127}`
You can read more about and find validation regex in the
[OCI Distribution Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/master/spec.md#workflow-categories).
If you don't specify a tag, Kubernetes assumes you mean the tag `latest`.

Image digests consists of a hash algorithm (such as `sha256`) and a hash value. For example:
`sha256:1ff6c18fbef2045af6b9c16bf034cc421a29027b800e4f9b68ae9b1cb3e9ae07`
You can find more information about digests format in the 
[OCI Image Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/descriptor.md#digests).

Some image name examples that Kubernetes can use are:

- `busybox` - Image name only, no tag or digest. Kubernetes will use Docker public registry and latest tag. (Same as `docker.io/library/busybox:latest`)

> - `busybox:1.32.0` - Image name with tag. Kubernetes will use Docker public registry. (Same as `docker.io/library/busybox:1.32.0`)

Reviewer 2: Does Kubernetes _always_ use the Docker public registry here? Let's get a tech review from SIG Node.

I would add a third line:
```markdown
- `busybox:1.32.0` - Image name with a specific registry and non-latest tag.
```

> - `registry.k8s.io/pause:latest` - Image name with a custom registry and latest tag.
> - `registry.k8s.io/pause:3.5` - Image name with a custom registry and non-latest tag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `registry.k8s.io/pause:latest` - Image URL with registry specified, using and latest tag.
- `registry.k8s.io/pause:3.5` - Image URL with a registry specified and a specific image tag.
```

Docker calls these “image URLs”, even though they are not URLs. We might want to mention the term URL somewhere on this page. OCI doesn't seem to have a name for strings like `registry.k8s.io/pause:3.5`; if it does and I missed it, let's use the name that OCI uses.

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to fix this, at some point.
